Add stable tag process to release process documentation (#2224)
psf/black: docs/contributing/release_process.md

_Black_ has had a lot of work automating its release process. This document sets out to
explain what everything does and how to release _Black_ using said automation.

> ## Cutting a Release

Reviewer: how we miss this typo :D

The created binaries are attached/stored on the associated
[GitHub Release](https://github.com/psf/black/releases) for download over _IPv4 only_
(GitHub still does not have IPv6 access 😢).

## Moving the `stable` tag

> _Black_ provides a stable tag for people who want to move along as _Black_ developers
> see a version become reliable. Here the _Black_ developers will move once the release

Reviewer: This was hard to parse on first read. Not sure if this was the intended meaning though, so feel free to ignore or reword :)

```suggestion
_Black_ provides a stable tag for people who want to move along as _Black_ developers
deem the newest version reliable. Here the _Black_ developers will move once the release
```
